title: 19篇英语阅读理解
author: Bread
tags:
  - English
categories: []
date: 2021-04-21 17:35:00
---
####  Passage 1
The secret of being born lucky is a summer birthday, with May babies most likely to enjoy a lifetime’s good fortune, according to a study of more than 40,000 people. The time of year at which you are born has an enduring influence on levels of optimism and self-reported luck, according to a research by British and Swedish scientists. May was the luckiest month in which to be born, with 50 percent of those born then considering themselves lucky, while October was the least lucky month, with just 43 percent claiming good fortune.
The findings add to growing evidence that the phenomenon of luck is not all down to chance, but is affected by a person’s general disposition. Other research has shown that whether people think themselves fortunate depends less on objective success than on having a “glass half-full” or “half-empty” approach to life. “What we are seeing suggests that something is influencing how people perceive their luckiness. My hypothesis is that people create their own luck by traits such as optimism, that luck is a psychological phenomenon rather than a matter of blind chance,” said Professor Richard Wiseman, who led the research.
The pattern of the result, with those born in spring and in summer reporting themselves luckier than those born in autumn or winter, could have two potential explanations, Professor Wiseman said.

1. According to the passage, whether people think themselves lucky or not depends on the following factors EXCEPT _______.
A. one’s objective success             
B. one’s general disposition
C. one’s attitude to life                 
D. one’s place of birth
2. According to the passage, those who were born in ________ regard themselves as the most fortunate.
A. March        B. April          C. May           D. October
3. Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?
A. Optimistic people tend to be luckier.
B. Devoted people tend to be luckier.
C. Objective success is more important than one’s general disposition in feeling lucky.
D. People drinking more water tend to be luckier.
4. Which of the following words can be best replace the word “trait” (Line 7, Para. 2)?
A. Quality.       B. Expectation.        C. Belief.         D. Idea
5. What is the best title for the passage?
A. Luck is Something Born
B. Luck is Not All Down to Chance
C. Luck is a Matter of Blind Chance
D. Luck and Age 

<!--more--> 
####  Passage 2
Man has always wanted to fly. Some of the greatest men in history had thought about the problem. One of them, for example, was the great Italian artist, Leonardo Da Vinci. In the 16th century he made designs for machines that would fly, but they were never built.
Throughout history, other less famous men had wanted to fly. An example was a man in England 800 years ago. He made a pair of wings from chicken feathers. Then he fixed them to his body and jumped into air from a tall building. He did not fly very far. Instead, he fell to the ground and broke every bone of his body and rested in peace.
The first real step took place in France, in 1783. Two brothers, the Montgolfiers, made a very large “hot air balloon”. They knew that hot air rises. Why not fill a balloon with it? The balloon was made of cloth and paper. In September of that year, the King and Queen of France came to see the balloon. They watched it carry the very first air passengers into the sky. The passengers were a sheep and a chicken. We do not know how they felt about the trip. But we do know that the trip lasted eight minutes and that the animals landed safely. Two months later, two men did the same thing. They rose above Paris in a balloon of the same kind. Their trip lasted twenty-five minutes and they traveled about.
1. Leonardo Da Vinci _______.
A. said that man would fly in the sky one day
B. built a kind of machine which never flew
C. made designs for flying machines
D. drew many beautiful pictures of birds
2. Eight hundred years ago an Englishman _______.
A. made a kind of flying machine
B. tried to fly with wings made of chicken feathers
C. wanted to build a kind of balloon
D. tried to fly on a large bird
3. In fact, the Englishman who tried to fly _______.
A. got badly wounded           B. succeeded in flying
C. lost his life                  D. flew only 8 minutes
4. The very first air passengers in the balloon were _______.
A. two animals                 B. the Montgolfiers
C. two Frenchmen              D. the King and Queen
5. When did two Frenchmen rise above Paris?
A. In December 1783.           B. In September 1783.
C. In the 17th century.           D. In November 1783.
 
####  Passage 3
Dieting to lose weight has become very popular in recent years. People have become more health conscious and try to take better care of their bodies by eating more nutritiously（有营养的） and exercising more regularly to lose any unnecessary fat that they may have.
Not only are people being more careful about what they eat, they are also concerned with how they eat and how their meals are prepared. People are taking more time for each meal. Many avoid the so called “plastic” fast-food hamburgers and choose to eat a salad or a sandwich of more healthful ingredients(成分) in a quiet restaurant with a more leisurely atmosphere. At home, they also try to take enough time to eat a relaxing dinner without phone or TV interruptions.
While dieting may be viewed as beneficial, it has also become a serious problem for Americans, particularly for young women. Dieting for them has actually become a psychological addiction(依赖). They eat so little that they can lose as much as fifty percent of their total body weight, and although they look like skeletons, they still insist that they are fat.
The current waves of exercising, dieting and the problems produced have caused many organizations to begin educating the public. Many schools, hospitals, health organizations, newspapers and magazines, for example, are offering classes, printing booklet articles, etc. to inform the public of the way to exercise and diet, of the dangers of dieting too rapidly, and of the places people can go for medical help if they find themselves on the road to “diet addiction”.
1. These days people are dieting more because _______.
    A. they have become fatter and fatter
B. they have realized the danger of eating
C. they have become more health conscious
D. they have taken better care of themselves
2. What changes have people made in the atmosphere of mealtime?
A. They are taking more time for each meal.
B. They are eating in quiet restaurants with more leisurely atmosphere.
C. At home they are eating without phone or TV interruptions.
D. All of the above.
3. “They look like skeletons” in the third paragraph most probably means ________.
A. they are very pretty
B. they are very ugly
C. they are too thin
D. they are starving
4. The main idea of the last paragraph is about ________.
A. how the organizations try to help people with dieting addiction
B. what kind of media can be used to educate the public
C. where people with dieting addiction can go to ask for help
D. what causes the organizations to begin educating the public
5. According to the passage, we can infer that the atmosphere of eating has something to do with ________.
A. dieting         B. manners         C. health          D. exercising
 
####  Passage 4
Do you know who Benjamin Banneker was and what he did? Benjamin Banneker was a self-educated scientist at a time when most African Americans were slaves. Born a free black man in the British Colony of Maryland in 1731, he received some formal education, but he mostly borrowed books and taught himself science and mathematics. At 22, he borrowed a pocket watch, and without any training, figured out how to carve a working wooden clock that chimed each hour. Because of this clock, he became well known and people would visit him just to see his creation.
Banneker ran his family farm from many years, but when he was in his late 50s, a neighbor’s son lent him a telescope. He became interested in astronomy, the study of the planets and stars, and again taught himself a new science. He made calculations of tides, sunrises and sunsets, and even predicted an eclipse. For several years he published an almanac of these calculations. Today, he is best known for publishing six almanacs, called “Benjamin Banneker’s Almanac” between 1792 and 1797.
In the 1790s, Banneker also helped survey and lay out the land for Washington, D. C., which became the nation’s capital. For a look at Banneker’s amazing life, visit the Benjamin Banneker Historical Park & Museum in Ellicott City, Maryland.
1. What was the status of most African-Americans at Banneker’s time?
A. Most African-Americans could have formal education.
B. Most African-Americans could be self-educated.
C. Most African-Americans had freedom.
D. Most African-Americans were slaves.
2. What subjects did Benjamin teach himself?
A. Science and mathematics.
B. Science, mathematics and astronomy.
C. Astronomy only.
D. Six Almanac.
3. He became famous at the age of 22 because of ______.
A. a watch         B. a telescope          C. a book          D. a clock
4. The word “almanac” (Line 5, Para. 2) probably means ________.
A. a book          B. an object           C. a survey         D. a diary
5. Which of Mr. Banneker’s works is best known?
A. Eclipse prediction.
B. Helping surveying the capital.
C. Benjamin Banneker’s Almanac.
D. A wooden clock.
 
####  Passage 5
The clock struck eleven at night. The whole house was quiet. Everyone was in bed except me. Under the strong light, I looked sadly before me at a huge pile of that troublesome stuff they call “books”.
I was going to have my examination the next day. “When can I go to bed?” I asked myself. I didn’t answer. In fact, I dare not.
The clock struck twelve. “Oh, dear!” I cried. “Ten more books to read before I can go to bed!” We pupils are the most wretched creatures in the world. Dad does not agree with me on this. He did not have to work so hard when he was a boy.
The clock stroke one. I was quite desperate now. I forgot all I had learned. I was too tired to go on. I did the only thing I could. I prayed, “Oh, God, please help me pass the exam tomorrow. I do promise to work hard afterwards, Amen.”
My eyes were so heavy that I could hardly open them. A few minutes later, with my head on the desk, I fell asleep.
1. When the author was going over his lessons, all the others in the house were _______.
A. quietly laughing at him           B. outside
C. working in bed                  D. asleep
2. The underlined word “wretched” in Para. 3 probably means ______.
A. very happy           B. very unhappy
C. disappointed         D. hopeful.
3. Reviewing his lessons didn’t help him because _______.
A. he hadn’t studied hard before the examination
B. he was very tired
C. his eyes lid were so heavy that he couldn’t keep them open
D. it was too late at night
4. What do you suppose happed to the author?
A. He went to church to pray again.
B. He failed in the exam.
C. He passed the exam by sheer luck.
D. He was punished by his teacher.
5. The best title for the passage would be ______.
A. A Slow Student
B. Working Far into the Night
C. The Night before the Examination
D. Going over My Lessons
 
####  Passage 6
Today anyone will accept money in exchange for goods and services. People use money to buy food, furniture, books, bicycles and hundreds of others they need or want. When they work, they usually get paid in money.
Most of the money today is made of metal pr paper. But people used to use all kinds of things as money. One of the first kinds of money was shells. Shells were not the only things used as money. In China, cloth and knives were used. In the Philippine Islands, rice was used as money. In parts of Africa, cattle were one of the earliest money. Other animals were used as money too.
The first metal coins were made in China. They were round and had a square hole in the center. People strung them together and carried them from place to place. Different countries have used different metals and designs for their money. The first coins in England were made of tin. Sweden and Russia used copper to make their money. Later, other countries began to make coins of gold and silver.
But even gold and silver were inconvenient if you had to buy something expensive. Again the Chinese thought of a way to improve money. They began to use paper money. The first paper money looked more like a note from one person to another than paper money used today.
Money has had an interesting history from the days of shell money until today.
1. Which of the following can be cited as an example of the use of money in exchange for services?
A. To sell a bicycle for $20.
B. To get some money for old books at a garage sale.
C. To buy things you need or want.
D. To get paid for your work.
2. Where were shells used as money in history?
A. In the Philippines.              B. In China.
C. In Africa.                     D. We don’t know.
3. Why did ancient Chinese coins have a square hole in the center?
A. Because it would be easier to put them together and carry them around.
B. Because it would be lighter for people to carry from place to place.
C. Because people wanted to make it look nicer.
D. Because people wanted to save the expensive metal they were made from.
4. Why does the author say that even gold and silver were inconvenient if you had to buy something expensive?
A. Because they are difficult for people to obtain.
B. Because they themselves are expensive, too.
C. Because they are not easy to carry around.
D. Because they are easy to steal.
5. Which do you choose as the best title for this passage?
A. Money and Its Use
B. Different Things Used as Money
C. Different Countries, Different Money
D. The History of Money
 
####  Passage 7
In Denmark, parents are allowed to set up a new school if they are dissatisfied with the school in the area where they are living. Although these schools have to follow the national course, they are allowed a lot of choices in deciding what to teach.
Some of these new schools are called “small schools” because usually the number of pupils in them is only sixty, but a school has to have at least twenty-seven pupils. Cooleenbridge School in Ireland, is a small school similar to the ones in Denmark, it was set up by parents who came from Holland, Germany, Czechoslovakia, England and other parts of Ireland. They came because they wanted to live in the countryside and to grow their own food. In June 1986, they decided to start a school. They managed to get an old, disused primary school building and started with twenty-four children aged from four to twelve.
The teachers say, “The important thing in school is doing, not sitting.” And so the courses include yoga, cooking, knitting, kite-making, music, fishing, drama and environmental river studies, as well as reading, writing, maths and science.
1. What are the rules for setting up a new school in Denmark?
A. Parents are allowed to set up their own school.
B. The school has to follow the national courses.
C. The school has to have at least 27 students.
D. All of the above.
2. The writer tells about the Cooleenbridge School in the Ireland because ________.
A. it was set up by parents who are not people of Denmark
B. it was taken as an example of this kind of “small school”
C. there are only twenty-four children
D. the pupils there were aged from 4 to 12
3. What makes this kind of school special?
A. It is set up by parents not by government.
B. It is free to decide what to teach.
C. The number of pupils in it is only sixty.
D. It has to have at least 27 pupils.
4. “The important thing in school is doing, not sitting.” What the teachers say actually means _______.
A. what we should do is teaching in the classroom, not sitting in the office
B. children should do more homework at home, not just sit in class to listen to the teachers
C. children should learn by themselves not rely on teachers
D. children should learn through practice not just from books
5. The courses include _________.
A. yoga, cooking, knitting, kite-making, music, fishing, drama and environmental river studies, except writing, maths and science
B. either yoga, cooking, knitting, kite-making, music, fishing, drama and environmental river studies, or reading, writing, maths and science
C. not only reading, writing, maths and science，but also yoga, cooking, knitting, kite-making, music, fishing, drama and environmental river studies
D. mainly yoga, cooking, knitting, kite-making, music, fishing, drama and environmental river studies, and supplemental (补充的) writing, maths and science
 
####  Passage 8
In the United States, 30 percent of the adult population has a weight problem. To many people, the cause is obvious: they eat too much. But scientific evidence does little to support the idea.
Going back to the America of the 1910s, we find that people were thinner than today, yet they ate more food. In those days people worked harder physically, walked more, used machines much less and didn’t watch television.
Several modern studies, moreover, have shown that fatter people do not eat more on average than thinner people. In fact, some investigations, such as the 1979 study of 3,545 London office workers, report that, on balance, fat people eat less than slimmer people.
Studies show that slim people are more active than fat people. A study by a research group at Stanford University School of Medicine found the following interesting facts: The more the men run, the more body fat they lost. The more they ran, the greater amount of food they ate. Thus, those who run the most ate the most, yet lost the greatest amount of body fat.
1. The physical problem that many adult Americans have is that ________.
A. they are too slim              
B. they work too hard
C. they are too fat                
D. they lose too much body fat
2. According to the article, given 500 adult Americans, ________ will have a weight problem.
A. 30           B. 50           C. 100           D. 150
3. Is there any scientific evidence to support that eating too much is the cause of a weight problem?
A. Yes, there is plenty of evidence.
B. Of course, there is some evidence to show this is true.
C. There is hardly any scientific evidence to support that.
D. We don’t know because the information is not given.
4. In comparison with the adult American population today, the Americans of the 1910s _______.
A. ate more food and had more physical activities.
B. ate less food but had more activities
C. ate less food and had less physical exercise
D. had more weight problems
5. Modern scientific researchers have reported to us that ________.
A. fat people eat less food and are less active
B. fat people eat more food than slim people and are more active
C. fat people eat more food than slim people but are less active
D. thin people run less, but have greater increase in food intake
 
####  Passage 9
Mass media, the tools of communication, can be divided into two groups: print media and electronic media. By print media, we mean books, newspapers and magazines. Electronic media include television, computer, radio and movie. Mass media allow us to record and pass information rapidly to a large, scattered audience. They extend our ability to talk to each other by helping us overcome barriers cause by time and space.
Mass media make daily life easier for us in various ways. Firstly, they help us keep a watch on our world. They gather and pass on information we would be unlikely or unable to obtain on our own.
Secondly, mass media help us arrange our time and life. What we talk about and what we think about are greatly influenced by the media. When people get together, they tend to talk about certain happenings in newspapers or on TV. Because we are exposed to different points of view through different kinds of media every day, we are able to evaluate all sides of a certain issue.
Thirdly, the media are used to persuade people. Newspapers, magazines and TV are filled with all kinds of colorful, persuasive advertisements. Though many advertisements may not say openly that they want you to buy a certain product, they describe their products in such a way that you may want to buy them.
Fourthly, the media also entertain. All media make efforts to entertain their audience. For instance, even though the newspaper is a prime medium of information, it also contains entertainment features. Television, motion picture, some radio stations and magazines are devoted mainly to entertainment. It is estimated that in the future, the entertainment function of mass media will become even more important than it is now.
1.       What makes it possible for people living in different places to communicate with each other?
A. Printed media.                    B. Mass media.
C. Electronic media.                  D. Computers.
2. Which of the following functions of mass media is NOT mentioned?
A. To make people well informed about the world.
B. To amuse and entertain people.
C. To help people arrange their time and life.
D. To give people a sense of honor.
3. Certain matters in newspapers or on TV tend to be talked about when people get together because ________.
A. people are curious about them
B. people are influenced by those mass media
C. it is fashionable for people to do so
D. it is easy for people to communicate in this way
4. How does advertisement make people purchase certain goods according to the passage?
A. By giving an attractive account of the goods.
B. By asking people to buy them.
C. By forcing people to buy them.
D. By giving people something extra.
5. Which of the following media is mainly devoted to information according to the passage?
A. TV.                          B. Magazine.
C. Motion pictures.                D. Newspapers.
 
####  Passage 10
Community service is an important component of education here at our university. We encourage all students to volunteer for at least one community activity before they graduate. A new community program called “One On One” helps elementary students who’ve fallen behind. Your education majors might be especially interested in it because it offers the opportunity to do some teaching, that is, tutoring in Math and English.
You’d have to volunteer two hours a week for one semester. You can choose help a child with Math, English, or both. Half-hour lesson are fine, so you could do a half hour of each subject two days a week.
Professor Dodge will act as a mentor to the tutors ---- he’ll be available to help you with lesson plans or to offer suggestions for activities. He has office hours every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon. You can sign up for the program with him and begin the tutoring next week.
I’m sure you will enjoy this community service and you’ll gain valuable experience at the same time. It looks good on your resume, too, showing that you’ve had experience with children and that you care about your community. If you’d like to sign up, or if you have any questions, stop by Professor Dodge’s office this week.
1. What is the purpose of the passage?
A. To explain a new requirement for graduation.
B. To interest students in a new community program.
C. To discuss the problems of elementary school students.
D. To recruit elementary school teachers for a special program.
2. What is the purpose of the program that the passage describes?
A. To find jobs for graduating students.
B. To help education majors prepare for final exams.
C. To offer tutorials to elementary school students.
D. To provide funding for a community service project.
3. What does Professor Dodge do?
A. He advices students to participate in the special program.
B. He teaches part-time in an elementary school.
C. He observes elementary school students in the classroom.
D. He helps students prepare their resumes.
4. What should students interested in the tutorials do?
A. Contact the elementary school.
B. Sign up for a special class.
C. Submit a resume to the dean.
D. Talk to Professor Dodge.
5. Whom do you think the passage dresses to?
A. Faculty.                 B. Students.
C. Freshman.               D. Graduating students of the university.
 
####  Passage 11
Greek soldiers sent messages by turning their shields(盾) toward the sun. The flashes reflected light could be seen several miles away. The enemy did not know what the flashes meant, but other Greek soldiers could understand the message.
Roman soldiers in some places built long rows of signal towers. When they had a message to send, the soldiers shouted it from tower to tower. If there were enough towers and soldiers with loud voices, important news could be sent quickly over distance.
In Africa, people learn to send messages by beating on a series of large drums. Each drum was kept within hearing distance of the next one. The drum beats were sent out in a special way that all the drummers understood. Though the messages were simple, they could be sent at great speed for hundreds of miles.
In the eighteenth century, a French engineer found a new way to send short messages. In this way, a person held a flag in each hand and the arms were moved to various positions representing different letters of the alphabet. It was like spelling out words with flags and arms.
Over a long period of time, people sent messages by all these different ways. However, not until the telephone was invented in America in the nineteenth century could people send speeches sounds over a great distance in just a few seconds.
1. According to this passage, the Roman way of communication depended very much upon _________.
A. fine weather                  B. high tower
C. the spelling system             D. arm movements
2. Which of the following statements is true?
A. Neither the Greek soldiers nor their enemy could understand the message.
B. African soldiers shouted from tower to tower to pass message.
C. Telephone was invented by a French engineer.
D. Only by using telephone could people send speech sounds quickly.
3. The African way of communication sent messages _________.
A. with arms.
B. over a very short distance
C. by a musical instrument
D. at a rather slow speed
4. The _______ way of communication made use of visible signs.
A. French          B. Roman            C. African          D. American
5. Which of the following may be the best title for this passage?
A. Shields and Drums
B. Audio and Visible Signs
C. Ways of Sending Messages over History
D. Messages in Different Countries
 
####  Passage 12
Soccer is played by millions of people all over the world, but there have only been few players who were truly great. How did these players get that way? Was it through training and practice, or are great players “born, not made”?
First, there players come from places that have had famous stars in the past ---- players that a young boy can look up to and try to imitate (模仿). In the history of soccer, only six countries have ever won the World Cup, three from South America and three from Western Europe. There has never been a great national team, or a really great player from North America or from Asia.
Second，these players have all had years of practice in the game. Alfredo Di Stefano was the son of a soccer player, as was Pele. Most players begin playing the game at the age of three or four.
Finally, many great players come from the same kind of neighborhood ---- a poor, crowed area where a boy’s dream is not to be a doctor, lawyer, or businessman, but to become a rich, famous athlete or entertainer. For example, Liverpool, which produced the Beetles, had one of the best English soccer teams in recent years. Pele practiced in the street with a “ball” made of rags. And George Best learned the tricks that made him famous by bouncing the ball off a wall in the slums of Belfast.
All great players have a lot in common, but that doesn’t explain why they are great. Hundreds of boys played in those Brazilian streets, but only one became Pele. The greatest are born with some unique quality that sets them apart from all the others.
1. According to the author, which of the following statements is true?
A. Soccer is popular all over the world, but truly great players are rare.
B. Millions of people all over the world are playing soccer, but only six countries have ever had famous star.
C. Soccer is played by millions of people all over the world, but only six countries from South America and Western Europe have ever had great national teams.
D. Soccer is one of the most popular games all over the world, but it seems the least popular in North America and Asia.
2. The word “trick” at the end of paragraph 4 is closest in meaning to _______.
A. experience      B. cheating       C. skills       D. training
3. The Brazilian streets are mentioned to illustrate that _______.
A. famous soccer players live in slum areas
B. people in poor areas are born with some unique quality
C. children in poor areas start playing football at the age of three or four
D. a great soccer player may be born in a slum area
4. In the last paragraph the statement “…but only one became Pele” indicates that ______.
A. Pele is the greatest soccer player
B. the greatest players are born with some unique quality
C. Pele’s birthplace sets him apart from all the others
D. the success of a soccer player has everything to do with the family background
5. The author mentions all the factors that may affect a soccer player’s success except ______.
A. his family background           B. his neighborhood
C. his practice                    D. his character
 
Passage1 13
    Upon reaching an appropriate age (usually between 18 and 21 years), children are encouraged, but not forced, to “leave the nest” and begin an independent life. After children leave home they often find social relationship and financial support outside the family. Parents do not arrange marriages for their children, nor do children usually ask permission of their parents to get married. Romantic love is most often the basis for marriage in the United States; young adults meet their future spouses (配偶) through other friends, at jobs, and in organizations and religious institutions. Although children choose their own spouses, they still hope their parents will approve of their choices.
　　In many families, parents feel that children should make major life decisions by themselves. A parent may try to influence a child to follow a particular profession but the child is free to choose another career. Sometimes children do precisely the opposite of what their parents wish in order to assert their independence. A son may deliberately decide not to go into his father’s business because of a fear that he will lose his autonomy in his father’s workplace. This independence from parents is not an indication that parents and children do not love each other. Strong love between parents and children is universal and this is no exception in the American family. Coexisting with such love in the American family are cultural values of self – reliance and independence.
1. The writer discusses the marriage of young adults in order to show which of the following?
A. They enjoy the freedom of choosing their spouses.
　　B. They want to win the permission of their parents.
　　C. They have a strong desire to become independent.
　　D. They want to challenge the authority of their parents.
2. Most young adults in the U.S. get married for the sake of ____.
　　A. love
　　B. financial concern
　　C. their parents
　　D. family background
3. Based on the passage, it can be assumed that ______.
　　A. American young adults are likely to follow the suit of their parents
　　B. most American people never make major decisions for their children
　　C. American young adults possess cultural values of independence
　  D. once a young person steps into his twenties, he will leave his home permanently
4. A son is unwilling to work in his father’s business mainly because _____.
　　A. he wishes to make full use  in school
　　B. he wants to prove his independence
　　C. he wishes to do the opposite of what his parents approve of
　　D. he wants to show his love for his parents
5. The subject matter of this selection is _____.
A. decision making　
B. marriage arrangements
　　C. the pursuit of a career
D. family values
 
####  Passage 14
What are you going to do if you are in a burning house? How will you escape? Do you know how to save yourself? Please read the following passage.
Escaping a fire is a serious matter. Knowing what to do during a fire can save your life. It is important to know the ways you can use and show them to everyone in the family, such as stairways and fire escapes, but not lifts.
From the lower floors of the buildings, escaping through windows is possible, learn the best way of leaving by windows with the last chance of serious injury.
The second floor window is usually not very high from the ground. An average person, hanging by the finger-tips will have a drop of about six feet to the ground. It is about the height of an average man. Of course, it is safer to jump a short way than to stay in a burning building.
Windows are also useful when you are waiting for help. Be sure to keep the door closed. Or smoke and fire may be drawn into the room. Keep your head low at the window to be sure you get fresh air rather than smoke that may leak (渗) into the room.
On a second or third floor, the best windows for escape are those that open onto a roof. From the roof a person can drop to the ground more safely. Dropping onto cement might end in injury. Bushes and grass can help to break a fall.
1. It is important to _______.
A. put out the fire in the burning house
B. know the ways to escape the fire
C. jump off a burning house
D. keep the door closed
2. It is possible to escape through the windows ________.
A. if there are some bushes on the ground
B. if you are strong enough
C. if you live on a lower floor
D. if you have a long rope
3. Which of the following escaping way is NOT right?
A. You can escape through stairways.
B. You can choose the fire escapes.
C. Escape from the windows that open onto a roof.
D. Use a lift to come down at once.
4. Open the window so that ________ if the building is on fire.
A. you can get fresh air         B. you can call for help
C. you can easily jump off       D. you can be seen first
5. The best title of the passage is ________.
A. Escaping from the Windows       B. Save Yourself in the Burning House
C. Knowledge on Fire               D. Waiting for Help
 
####  Passage 15
    Your boss holds your future prospects in his hands. Some bosses are hard to get along with. Some have excellent qualifications but no idea when it comes to dealing with people. Of course, not all bosses are like that.
　　The relationship you have with your boss can be a major factor in determining your rise up the career ladder. Your boss is not only your leader, he is also the person best equipped to help you do the job you are paid to do. He can inform you of company direction that may affect your professional development.
　　Your boss also needs you to perform at your best in order to accomplish his objectives. He needs your feedback in order to provide realistic and useful reports to upper management. But how does this help you establish a meaningful working relationship with your boss?
　　The key is communication. Learn and understand his goals and priorities (优先的事). Observe and understand your boss’s work style. If he has not been clear with his expectations, ask! Likewise, ask for feedback and accept criticism gracefully. And if he understands that you do not view your job as just something to fill the hours between 9 and 5, he may be more likely to help you.
　　In short, getting along with your boss requires getting to know his likes and dislikes and learning to work with his personality and management style.
1. The main idea of the first paragraph is that ________.
　　A. bosses are hard to deal with
　　B. bosses have good character
　　C. bosses determine your career future
　　D. bosses must have similar personality
2. In the second paragraph, “rise up the career ladder” (Line 2) means ________.
　　A. going to work abroad
　　B. changing jobs frequently
　　C. being promoted in position
　　D. pursuing an advanced degree
3. In order to achieve his objectives, your boss expects that you will ________.
　　A. do your best in your work
　　B. show your management skills
　　C. get along with your colleagues
　　D. write reports to upper management
4. The most important factor for establishing a good working relationship with the boss is ________.
　　A. high expectations
　　B. quick feedback
　　C. frequent criticism
　　D. effective communication
5. The best title for the passage might be ________.
　　A. How to Take Care Of Your Boss.
　　B. How to Get Along with Your Boss
　　C. How to Accept Your Boss’s Criticism
 
####  Passage 16
Fear and its companion pain are two of the most useful things that men and animals possess, if they are properly used. If fire did not hurt when it burnt, children would play it until their hands were burnt away. Similarly, if pain existed but fear did not, a child would burn itself again and again, because fear would not warn it to keep away from the fire that had burn it before. A really fearless soldier-and some do exist-is not a good soldier because he is soon killed; and a dead soldier is of no use to his army. Fear and pain are therefore two guards without which men and animals might soon die out.
In our first sentence we suggested that fear ought to be properly used. If, for example, you never go out of your house because of the danger of being knocked down and killed in the street by a car, you are letting fear rule you too much. The important thing is not to let fear rule you, but instead, to use fear as your servant and guide. Fear will warn you of dangers; then you have to decide what action to take.
In many cases, you can take quick and successful action to avoid the danger. For example, you see a car coming straight towards you; fear warns you, you jump out of the way, and all is well.
 In some cases, however, you decide that there is nothing that you can do to avoid the danger. For example, you cannot prevent an airplane crashing onto your house. In this case, fear has given you its warning; you have examined it and decided on your course, of action, so fear of this particular danger is no longer of any use to you, and you have to try to overcome it.
1. Children would play with fire until their hands were burnt away if _______.
A. they were not well educated at school  
B. they had never played with fire before
C. they had no sense of pain              
D. they were fearful of the fire
2. People sometimes succeed in timely avoiding danger because _______.
A. they have gained experience   
B. they are warned of the danger and take quick action
C. they jump out of the way in time 
D. they are calm in face of danger
3. What does the example of “an airplane crashing into your house” refer to _______.
A. danger is always harmful       
B. danger is always helpful
C. danger and fear should be properly used
D. the danger that you can do nothing to avoid
4. What is implied but not stated in the passage?
A. Too much fear is harmful.  
B. Fear is always something helpful.
C. Fear is something that can be avoided. 
D. Fear ought to be used as our guide in our life.
5. The best title for this passage should be _________.
   A. No Pains, No Gains
   B. Pain and Actions
   C. The Value of Fear
   D. The Reason Why People Fear
 
####  Passage 17
    Television has opened windows in everybody’s life. Young men will never again go to war as they did in 1914. Millions of people now have seen the effects of a battle. And the result has been a general dislike of war, and perhaps more interest in helping those who suffer from all the terrible things that have been shown on the screen.
Television has also changed politics. The most distant areas can now follow state affairs, see and hear the politicians before an election. Better informed, people are more likely to vote, and so to make their opinion count.
Unfortunately, television’s influence has been extremely harmful to the young. Children do not have enough experience to realize that TV shows present an unreal world; that TV advertisements lie to sell products that are sometimes bad or useless. They believe that the violence they see is normal and acceptable. All educators agree that the "television generations" are more violent than their parents and grandparents.
Also, the young are less patient. Used to TV shows, where everything is quick and interesting, they do not have the patience to read an article without pictures; to read a book that requires thinking; to listen to a teacher who doesn’t do funny things like the people on children’’s programs. And they expect all problems to be solved happily in ten, fifteen, or thirty minutes. That’s the time it takes on the screen.
1. In the past, many young people_________.
A. knew the effects of war
B. went in for politics
C. liked to save the wounded in wars
D. were willing to be soldiers
2. Now with TV people can_________.
A. discuss politics at an information center
B. show more interest in politics
C. make their own decisions on political affairs
D. express their opinions freely
3. The author thinks that TV advertisements_________.
A. are not reliable on the whole
B. are useless to people
C. are a good guide to adults
D. are very harmful to the young
4. Which is NOT true according to the passage?
A. People have become used to crimes now.
B. With a TV set some problems can be solved quickly.
C. People now like to read books with pictures.
D. The adults are less violent than the young.
5. From the passage, we can conclude that_________.
A. children should keep away from TV
B. TV programs should be improved
C. children’s books should have pictures
D. TV has a deep influence on the young
 
####  Passage 18
Many children use the Internet to get useful knowledge and information, and to relax in their free time. But some of them are not using in a good way. Here are some rules to make sure you are safe and have fun on the Internet.
Make rules for Internet use with your parents. For example, when you can go online, for how long and what activities you can go online.
Don’t give your password to anyone else, and never leak out the following information---your real name, home address, age, school, phone number or other personal information.  
Check with your parents before giving out a credit card number.
Never send a photo of yourself to someone in e-mail unless your parents say it’s OK.
Check with your parents before going into a chat room. Different chat rooms have different rules and attract different kinds of people. You and your parents must make sure it’s a right place for you.
Never agree to meet someone you met on the Internet without your parent’s permission. Never meet anyone you met on line alone.
Always remember that people online may not be who they say they are. Treat everyone online as strangers.
If something you see or read online makes you uncomfortable, leave the site. Tell a parent or teacher right away.
Treat other people as you‘d like to be treated. Never use bad language. Remember—not everything you read on the Internet is true.
1. If you want a true friend on the Internet, you can ____________ .
A. tell the people what your name is.     
B. meet the people on line alone.
C. write an e-mail about yourself.      
D. get your parent’s permission.
2. It’s good for children to ________ on the Internet.
A. give password to others
B. get useful knowledge and information
C. give out a credit card number
D. go into a chat room as they‘d like to
3. The underlined phrase ―leak out” in the third paragraph may mean “________.
    A. give away        B. leave out        C. give out          D. put away
4. If your parents don’t agree, never ________.
    A. read anything on the Internet         
B. relax in your free time  
C. have a face-to face meeting with anyone you met online  
D. treat other people as you’d like to be treated
5. This passage is mainly about  “________”.
A. How to use Computers                        B. Surfing on the Internet  
C. Information on the Internet                 D. Internet Safety Rules
 
####  Passage 19
More and more people like bicycling and it is no surprise. It is fun, healthy and good for the environment. Maybe that’s why there are 1.4 billion bicycles and only 400 million cars on roads worldwide today. Bikes can take you almost anywhere, and there is no oil cost!
Get on a bicycle and ride around your neighborhood. You may discover something new all around you. Stopping and getting off a bike is easier than stopping and getting out of your car. You can bike to work and benefit from the enjoyable exercise without polluting the environment. You don’t even have to ride all the way.
Folding bikes work well for people who ride the train. Just fold the bike and take it with you. You can do the same on an airplane. A folding bike can be packed in a suitcase. You can also take a common bike with you when you fly. But be sure to look for information by getting on airline websites. Not all airlines are bicycle-friendly to travelers.
Health Benefits of Bicycling:
It helps to prevent heart diseases.
It helps to control your weight.
A 15-minute bike ride to and from work three times a week burns off five kilos of fat in a year.
It can improve your mood.
Exercise like bicycling has been shown to make people feel better, more relaxed and self-confident.
Bicycling is healthier than driving.
1. From the passage, we know that bicycling is becoming very ________.
A. surprising       B. exciting        C. expensive            D. popular
2. When you are riding your bicycle around your neighborhood, you may ________.
A. pollute the environment around
B. find something you didn’t notice
C. go everywhere and use a little oil
D. get off your bike and begin to work
3. If you travel with a folding bike, you can fold it and ________ .
A. get out of the car                     B. take it onto a train
C. put it in your purse                    D. go on airline websites
4. One of the benefits from bicycling is that ________.
A. you can fold the bicycle                B. you will be friendly to others
C. you will be more relaxed                D. you may get fatter and fatter
5. Which is TRUE according to the passage?
A. Bicycling is enjoyable exercise for people.   
B. Driving cars is healthier than riding bikes.
C. Riding a bike pollutes your neighborhood.  
D. Common bikes are welcomed by all airlines.